Love brother love brother
In order to give you Stone Shenling
I'm going all out
We agreed in advance
I will cooperate with your treatment.
If you can't cure it
I will give me your Stone God Ridge
He also came to pick up Shi Shenling
What is this society?
Miss, what's the matter with you? Do you want me to rush in?
No need to love, you just stay outside
Miss Ye, your cold winter has penetrated deep into the bone marrow
It takes three injections to heal
There is evil energy in you
Have you been in contact with anyone or anything recently?
Some time ago
There is a feng shui master named Wang Defu
Offer to come and treat me
I don't believe this.
So let him eat
Hey
Miss, the bad moisture on your body is someone lying to you.
I think it's the feng shui master
Why did this feng shui master want to harm me?
Boss, Chen Hao beat you like this yesterday.
Continue to take pictures of him
Hey, the rule of law society
We are all civilized people.
How can you do it?
Watch me do a little subtotal
Send this trash back to jail